README.md, before:

# Wio Terminal: Fabricatable Open Source Hardware

![wio terminal](https://files.seeedstudio.com/wiki/Wio-Terminal/img/Wio-Terminal-Wiki.jpg)

## Overview

Seeed Studio is committed to the open-source hardware movement, and in that spirit, we have taken this a step further into open manufacturing. We wish to make it possible for anyone to reproduce and manufacture this device. We believe that opening the manufacturing process will unlock immense potential for innovation and creativity.
Welcome to the Wio Terminal project, an open-source hardware initiative developed and maintained by Seeed Studio. The Wio Terminal is not just a highly integrated microcontroller, it is also a widely acknowledged and used IoT development platform. Compatible with Arduino and MicroPython, it supports both Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, providing strong support for IoT projects. Whether it is in smart homes, industrial automation, or educational research, Wio Terminal exhibits its powerful functionality and versatility.

Seeed Studio has been committed to the open-source hardware movement, and now we wish to push this a step further into open manufacturing. We are not only making our hardware designs public but going further to provide all files and information required for manufacturing, allowing anyone to freely replicate, produce, and even commercialize the Wio Terminal. We believe that open manufacturing will facilitate innovation, allowing more people to participate in hardware design and improvement, and collectively promote the development of hardware technology. We look forward to seeing your versions and encourage you to share your designs and ideas on this platform.

## Repository Contents

This repository contains all the necessary documentation to manufacture Wio Terminal:

- Schematic Diagrams (PDF)
- Gerber Files
- Firmware Source Code
- Bill of Materials (BOM)
- Production Testing Plan
- Production SOP
- 3D Models of the Enclosure

## Documentation

For more information on the Wio Terminal, please refer to the following links:

- [Learn or Buy](https://www.seeedstudio.com/Wio-Terminal-p-4509.html)
- [Wio Terminal Wiki](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Wio-Terminal-Getting-Started)

## Fusion Quick Pass

For those who wish to design and manufacture their own versions of Wio Terminal, our [Fusion service](https://www.seeedstudio.com/fusion.html) offers quick and high-quality services. We also encourage you to share your own versions of Wio Terminal for display and exchange with the community.

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](/LICENSE). By using, distributing, or contributing to this project, you agree to the terms and conditions of this license.

## Let's Open Manufacturing Together!

We're excited to take this journey with you. Let's create, innovate, and shape the future of open manufacturing together!

Commit message:

Update: Upload the design files in the wiki

README.md, after:

# Wio Terminal: Fabricatable Open Source Hardware

![wio terminal](https://files.seeedstudio.com/wiki/Wio-Terminal/img/Wio-Terminal-Wiki.jpg)

## Overview

Seeed Studio is committed to the open-source hardware movement, and in that spirit, we have taken this a step further into open manufacturing. We wish to make it possible for anyone to reproduce and manufacture this device. We believe that opening the manufacturing process will unlock immense potential for innovation and creativity.

Welcome to the Wio Terminal project, an open-source hardware initiative developed and maintained by Seeed Studio. The Wio Terminal is not just a highly integrated microcontroller, it is also a widely acknowledged and used IoT development platform. Compatible with Arduino and MicroPython, it supports both Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, providing strong support for IoT projects. Whether it is in smart homes, industrial automation, or educational research, Wio Terminal exhibits its powerful functionality and versatility.

With sincerity and practicality, we are now providing all the files and information required for manufacturing, enabling anyone to freely replicate, produce, and even commercialize the Wio Terminal. We believe that open manufacturing will facilitate innovation, allowing more people to participate in hardware design and improvement, and collectively promote the development of hardware technology. We look forward to seeing your versions and encourage you to share your designs and ideas on this platform.

## What we provided before

- The open source design files can be found in the ["resources" section](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Wio-Terminal-Getting-Started#resources) located below our products wiki.
- These design files are freely available for anyone to access, use and modify.

## What we are offering now

This repository contains all the necessary documentation you need to manufacture Wio Terminal:

- Schematic Diagrams (PDF)
- Gerber Files
- Firmware Source Code
- Bill of Materials (BOM)
- Production Testing Plan
- Production SOP
- 3D Models of the Enclosure

For the convenience, we also include here the design files in the Wio Terminal wiki.

## Documentation

For more information on the Wio Terminal, please refer to the following links:

- [Learn or Buy](https://www.seeedstudio.com/Wio-Terminal-p-4509.html)
- [Wio Terminal Wiki](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Wio-Terminal-Getting-Started)

## Fusion Quick Pass

For those who wish to design and manufacture their own versions of Wio Terminal, our [Fusion service](https://www.seeedstudio.com/fusion.html) offers quick and high-quality services. We also encourage you to share your own versions of Wio Terminal for display and exchange with the community.

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](/LICENSE). By using, distributing, or contributing to this project, you agree to the terms and conditions of this license.

## Let's Open Manufacturing Together!

We're excited to take this journey with you. Let's create, innovate, and shape the future of open manufacturing together!
